 Refusing to cooperate with the magisterial probe ordered by the Delhi government, a special investigation team of the police left Thursday for Gajendra Singh’s home in Nangal Jhamarwada village in Bandikui.Inspector S S Yadav, who was on duty at the AAP rally on Wednesday, registered the FIR at the Parliament Street police station under IPC sections 306 (abetment of suicide), 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions) and 34 (common intention).
 day after a Rajasthan farmer hanged himself from a tree during an Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) rally at Jantar Mantar, the party’s government in Delhi and the police were on a collision course with the latter accusing the AAP and its leaders of instigating Gajendra Singh into committing suicide.
 Before killing himself, Gajender Singh from Dausa district even flung what was perceived as a suicide note at the crowd, in which he had written:I am a farmer's son, My father drove me out of the house because my crop failed, I have three children, I am from Rajasthan, Please tell me, how do I go home.
 There were layers of policemen deployed and a few metres from the tree where the farmer hanged himself, sat Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and other AAP leaders.
 Kejriwal, or his party workers might be responsible for the death of one farmer but lakhs of farmers lost their lives under Congress or BJP rule.
 Delhi Police has also registered an FIR against unknown persons in connection with the alleged suicide of a Rajasthan-based farmer Gajendra Singh during the rally and probe has been handed over to the Crime Branch.
 A case will be registered for abetment, and death due to negligence, among other charges against as yet unnamed persons, the police said.
 Home Minister Rajnath Singh has backed the Delhi Police which is under fire for allegedly not doing enough to stop the farmer Gajendra Singh from committing suicide during an Aam Aadmi Party rally here on Wednesday.
 Meanwhile, Congress Rajasthan President Sachin Pilot will meet the farmer's family on Thursday.
 Egged on by the crowd, Gajendra hanged himself, suspended by his gamchha and parts of his body stuck at odd positions in the branches of the tree.
 By politicizing the issue of Gajendra Singh’s suicide, both Congress and BJP are trying to hide their own sins.

